Hello is that the Wholesome Bakery?	
Now tell me and I shal know if you are lying. Are your fresh cream cakes really fresh?	
There is no need to take that attitude. this is a serious customer enquiry.	
My Name is BucKet. Bucket. No it is not bucket it's B-U-C-K-E-T.	
I wish to place a large order. A very important order.	
I have the new Vicar calling this afternoon for tea and light refreshment, so how soon can you deliver?	
Yes, I know it is Saturday. I am very happy that you are busy.	
I can understand that you just dont delivery anywhere, but as I said,	
I do have the new Vicar coming for tea and light refereshments. And I want six	
fresh cream cakes	
That is a large order, Hello,,,, Helllo.........	
............	
Oh!...I wish you wouldn't raise your arms like that Richard. it is very common and gross.	
I wanna work Heisine. If you have to pespire, you should go into the back garden,	
so as not to disturb people who respect us socially	
I didn't invent the human cooling system. We musn't abuse it, Must we dear?	
Why are our roses not as big as those next door? Maybe they are a different variety.	
I don't like our roses not being as big as those next door.
Are you neglecting them Richard?	
I wanted the Vicar to be greated by a blaze of petal glory.	
This type only grows this size... Heiz, I am sure if you tried harder.,,	
I keep thinking you are out here growing these huge roses and all the time I suppose you have 
been gossiping with someone who passes by.	
Funny, you should say that.	
Do you know who passed by this earlier this morning.? My goodness! Is that a dead leaf?	
Why are you collecting old dead leaves , Richard?	
I am gonna corner the market.	
Entire world market.	
They are going to be begging me for old dead leaves	
Good Morning , Elizabeth.!	
Oh!, Heizine... Do come in and we will have a little rehersal for the afternoon.	
Rehearsal? Surely you haven't forgotton that we are having tea with the new Vicar?	
And light refreshments? Oh, yes! The light refreshments. Had them before. Do we need	
a rehersal? I never like leaving things to chance.	
It is the mark of a thoughtful hostess. Oooh!	
Do sit down, Elizabeth. No not there. There. I like to face the window.	
oh, oh, dear. I am really rather busy Heizine	
Oh, that's nice dear. Now, with regard with what to wear, I think..	
one of us should look attractive in something tasteful and summerly floral	
What will you wear? I am rather expecting you to tell me.	
Oh, I wouldn't dream of interfering, but just remember that the important thing is not to 
clash with my summer floral.	
Since we live next door to each other the least we can do is to coordinate	
Well, I willl probabley wear my tan two-piece. Oh!, I see. My tan- two piece.	
I think something a little more chic, dear, don't you? Well, I, then my green print dress.	
Isn't that a littele revealing? Revealing?	
Uh, huh!. Elbows, possibly, but that is about all.	
Yes, I know dear. But are we quite sure where the new Vicar stands with regard to naked elbows?	
I don't think mine will drive him wild. 
Well, excuse me, That is probably the wholesome bakery ringing	
to apologise	
What's wrong with my tan two piece? Bucket Residence, Lady of the house speaking	
Oh!, It is you Rose. It is my sister Rose, Elizabeth.	
She is inclined to be talkative and exictable, So do help your self to a buscuit, dear	
And, mind the crumbs, What is it now Rose?	
Rose you will not commit sucide, I forbid it. No one in this family has ever committed sucide and 
I am sure we are not going to start on the day I am having the new Vicar for tea and light refreshments.	
I don't care what your romantic entanglements are. 
You cannot have dear dead Mummy's wedding dress	specially to be buried in	
I can't live without Mr. HeperWhite	
Will you keep it down Rose?	
I can't live without Mr. HeperWhite, Not since the tragedy. Well I did .... him in the end	
he has gone back to his wife	
I have to die,, I threatened him I would.	
What is in ....... Three O Clock? Rainbow lady/	
I want to be buried in Mummy's wedding dress.	
You have got a **** cheek, being buried in white	
Don't see why you shouldn;t have the dress anyway	
She was my mother too. The least is that you could have a little sympathy with your 
sister when she is intending to die.	
Have you seen my library book?	
it should be where it is usually is. Under the seatee	
No, Heizeine, Not the wedding dress	
Our Daisy's Library Book	
Who is Mr.. She met him last week	
Oh!, he has lasted nearly a week then.